c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy.xr.xml
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy.exe
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy.pdb
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\AForge.Fuzzy.dll
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.dll
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.dll
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\Shim.dll
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\AForge.pdb
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\AForge.pri
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\AForge.Fuzzy.pdb
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\AForge.Fuzzy.xml
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.pdb
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.xml
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.pdb
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.pdb
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.xml
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\Shim.pdb
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\Shim.xml
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\bin\Debug\Shim.pri
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy.exe
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy.pdb
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\AForge.pri.xml
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\Shim.pri.xml
c:\users\никита\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\Wand_Mendel_Fuzzy\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
